it's a great pleasure to welcome the
founder of the birds roger McGuinn a
very good morning good morning how are
you I'm fine thank you how is 50 years
yes I started in nineteen sixty he must
have been about ten well I was just a
little over there at eleven ten and I
was hired by a group called the
limeliters it was a Kingston Trio kind
of group and I performed with them on an
album called tonight in person then I
was hard by the Chad Mitchell trio and I
worked with them for about two years
toured all over South America and played
a lot of places around and then I went
with Bobby Darin worked for Bobby and
worked with judy collins and simon and
garfunkel right names yeah I was a
studio musician in New York for a while
then I went out to LA and I was the
opening act for Hoyt Axton who was a big
folk singer at the time and I met she
and Clark and he and I got the birds
together with David Crosby chris hillman
I was reading that's the birds the
actual names people always want to know
about the names because especially in
that era there's some great names around
four different for the advanced things
and I was reading debts you actually
came up with the name the bird to the
thanksgiving dinner that's true we know
how did that actually happen I'm you're
sitting around the Thanksgiving dinner
table triangle I think of a good name
and our manager had an idea that be was
sort of a magic letter like the Beatles
and available as a thought that little
girls kind of thought it was cozy and
cuddly cuddly like a teddy bear right so
we wanted something with Abby and then
someone said what about the birds bi RDS
and of course that meant slang in
England whose girls doesn't want to be
the girls you know now that that could
have been a bit confusing yes it would
have been here so then they suggested
changing the name to be you or the s and
we didn't like that at all no yeah yeah
and I think I came up with the why and
it's stuck what I said see you came up
with that yes fantastic
I'm not see me
the guitar please yes I've got it with
me right now and I'll be I'll be playing
Oh mr. tambourine man
I've uploaded by
Oh
in the tingle
fantastic want your students please